# Title
Overall architecture

# Context
Want to be able to have simple, fire-and-forget clients; a non-blocking CLI, and potentially system trays, web apps, mobile apps, alexa, etc
Tasks don't technically need to time-out after exactly 25 mins; their expiry time can just be compared to the wall-clock
However, we do want to send notifications (time updates and task ended) async
It would be very nice to not block a terminal with a foreground client
The CLI could double-fork a daemon to do this.
This would leave other clients responsible for either finding that daemon (and what happens if someone else is talking to it at 25 mins?) or doing a load of checks to make sure they don't start a 2nd task etc
We would like to be able to transform this into a k8s Kind-and-Controller "Operator", for educational purposes
Multi-tenancy is hard; we do not want to make a system-wide server, it should be user-local.
User-local servers are possibly confusing and difficult to manage the lifecycle of.

# Decision
We will write a server and initially on, CLI, client.
The server will expose its service over gRPC, with a gRPC service spec that can be vendored by clients.
This leaves the possibility of (auto-generating?) a REST reverse-proxy.
Config (e.g. pomodoro length, break-time activities) will not be in the database (for now)
Config will be per-user, but having a server per-user will make this easier.
Users will have to run their own server.
The server will read user-local config, including business (break activities) and operational (port).
For now this will bind to a port, which will be configurable.

# Status
Accepted

# Consequences
Running one's own server might be a bit tedious. We could consider a unified CLI with subcommands, like "pogo server" and "pogo client".
